All right.
In this section of the course what we are going to do is we're going to go in and build a functional
web application using Spring Framework.
So we're going to cover a lot of ground in this section.
And I want to go back when I first started getting introduced to Spring and Hibernate and Java, all
this stuff.
I had a mentor early on in my career.
There aas a guy from Russia, spoke of a real thick accent but one of the smartest guys ever worked with and
at that point in time I was a Junior Developer so I was pretty fresh to Java.
I knew ask you out pretty good. There's some technology but I was a pretty early developer at that point
in time and we took an early version of Spring.
We used Hibernate and I watch this guy work and he was just very very skilled, very comfortable with
the tools and we built a web application in the afternoon. That was actually functional and had some
really cool functionality.
And at that time in my career I was blown away. I was like wow this guy created this whole application. I just
did this this he knew exactly where to go for it and that and that and it just all came together and
it worked.
So that's what we're gonna do.
That's what I want to accomplish in this section of the course.
It's going to be a very quick overview of Spring and what I want to show you is how we can use Spring
in a very productive way how Spring is going to save us time to build a web application. By web application,
what we're going to do is we are going to be generating  HTML with dynamic content from a database.
So we'll be using an In-memory database.
We'll be using Hibernate.
We'll be using Spring Data JPA and we will be configuring everything so that we can display some data
from the database onto a web page and we will go through this step by step.
But I do want to set some expectations.
We are going to be I'm going to show you how to use this stuff but I'm not gonna be going into a lot
of depth.
So we are going to kind of go broad in this.
Show you a lot of stuff and get a functional web application because I want you to see just how easy
it is. I'm not going to explain everything fully in detail.
We got a lot of content on this course so I'm going to give you a broad picture of like how easy it is.
And we have entire chapters on some of this stuff coming up in the course so we will go deep. But here
we're going to kind of go broad. Give you a broad understanding of what we can do with the Spring Framework.
And then some stuff that you have questions about,
we will definitely be going deeper and explaining those things and exploring those more coming up
in the course.
So here we're gonna have a lot of fun.
I will be going step by step and you're going to see just how easy is, how quickly we can build a functional
web application using the Spring Framework. So we'll be bringing tools together: Spring Framework, Spring
Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data JPA, which has Hibernate.
I will use an H2 in memory database.
So we're gonna bring a lot of these technologies together quickly and you'll see just how
easy it is to build a functional web application using these technologies.
And let's go over and get started building our first web application using the Spring Framework.